Docs: Add Git Sync testing sandboxes scenario (#128793)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/as-code/observability-as-code/git-sync/scenarios/testing-sandboxes.md

---
title: Testing sandboxes Git Sync
menuTitle: Testing sandboxes
description: Use a shared sandbox branch for short-lived projects and experimentation before promoting changes to the main branch
weight: 40
aliases:
  - ../../provision-resources/git-sync-deployment-scenarios/testing-sandboxes
---

# Testing sandboxes with Git Sync

> Use a sandbox branch that users can push to directly, without opening a pull request for every change. A sandbox branch is a low-friction space for short-lived projects and experimentation, while keeping every dashboard version-controlled in Git. When work is ready, you promote it to the `main` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this scenario, we explain how to manage a sandbox branch that users can push to directly, without opening a pull request for every change. A sandbox branch is a low-friction space for short-lived projects and experimentation, while keeping every dashboard version-controlled in Git. When work is ready, you promote it to the `main` branch.
```
